Language Support - BeeFree (#9914)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/drag_and_drop/overview.md

Alternatively, you can integrate with one of our attribution partners, such as [Branch]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_orchestration/deeplinking/branch_for_deeplinking/) or [AppsFlyer]({{site.baseurl}}/partners/message_orchestration/attribution/appsflyer/appsflyer/#email-deep-linking-and-click-tracking), to manage universal links.

> Lastly, pre-defined attributes are available to ensure your message is Accessible.  Learn more about how to [Build Accessible Messages at Braze]({{site.base.url}}/docs/help/accessibility).
> 
> ### Setting Language for an Email
> 
> Braze allows setting the language attribute.  To set the language, go to the Settings column and select the desired language or target the user attribute 'language' if the message is targeting users with dynamic language values.
> ![Setting the Language Value for an Email]({% image_buster /assets/img/dnd/language_setting_dnd.png %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, predefined attributes are available to help make your message accessible. Learn more at our dedicated [Building accessible messages in Braze]({{site.base.url}}/help/accessibility) article.

### Setting Language for an Email

Braze allows setting the language attribute.  To set the language, go to the Settings column and select the desired language or target the user attribute 'language' if the message is targeting users with dynamic language values.
![Setting the Language Value for an Email]({% image_buster /assets/img/dnd/language_setting_dnd.png %})
```
